{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17720\viewh10300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 GTP is a joke name we came up with in office. means Graphic Transfer Protocol\
\

\b -- for most people skip this and jump to GTP --
\b0 \
\
so I was investigating NLP and thought it would be fun if you could do that on the front end. I ported some code from php to js and it worked on small data sets. \
\

\b sentiment
\b0  has that code port and works\
\
So anyways, I figured it would be good to store data as images and the query with pixels. In the long run I want to get some logic operations running on the GPU for fun. so to prepare I wrote some PHP that creates images from text files. It effectively reads the text and sets a color as the image.\
\

\b p2
\b0  is still in archive as it uses only red channel and I may use other channels for weighted maps.\
\

\b ideas
\b0  folder a place to toy with stuff / other ways could be used\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\b GTP
\b0 \
\
I was amazed that I could load an image with canvas and get data from the pixels so easily. I currently use PNG but hoping to use GIF. Recent read tests failed with gif but png working fine.\
\
if you run ImageGenTest and pass the name of a file, it will generate a PNG by converting the characters into pixels.\
\
when you generate an image drag it to a folder and your ready to load your lightweight file.\
\
run index.html to load that PNG that you create.\
\
amazing!!!\
\
it's currently 1/3rd the size of the original document.\
\
it's pretty fast to render too, and I haven't even started doing it with GPU for queries yet. so far so good.\
\
please fork, have fun, let me know what you think, retweet, get involved etc.\
\
\
The ambition of the project is to do NLP, regex or any logic operations really on the GPU but i gotta learn a bit more webGL first.\
\
ideally you would store image maps as data sets and run your queries against those pre-generated images.\
\
any advice, support , help would be much appreciated. I'm doing it for fun so feel free to take code and do as you please. If you find interesting a mention is always nice :)\
\
follow byteface on twitter and i'll probably follow you back :P\
\
thx\
\
\
\
}